FileSharing Usage Information

USAGE:
 To start Group Server: java RunGroupServer [(optional) port number]
 When the group server is first started, there are no users or groups. Since
 there must be an administer of the system, the user is prompted via the console
 to enter a username. This name becomes the first user and is a member of the
 ADMIN group. No other groups exist. The group server will by default select
 (and print out) a random port, but a custom port can be passed as the first
 command line argument.

 To start the File Server: java RunFileServer [(optional) port number] The file
 server will create a shared_files inside the working directory if one does not
 exist. The file server is now online. The file server will by default select
 (and print out) a random port, but a custom port can be passed as the first
 command line argument.

 To reset the File server completely, delete FileList.bin and the shared_files
 directory.
 To reset the Group Server, delete UserList.bin.


User Application:
To start the UserApplication: java UserApplication. This will start the application
and will prompt you to either exit or join group server. We did not give an option to join 
the file server because we thought it would be easier to make it a function after joining
the group server so the user can get their token and then choose to modify files. The user will be
asked to input their username as well as the server name and port. If they are a valid user, they
will join the group server. If they choose the exit, the system will shutdown.

Group Client:
Once they are in the group server they will be given a set of commands they can type to start 
a function. We Split these into admin only priveleges as well as normal priveleges. They must enter one
of the following commands

Functions:
X- Exit: This will disconnect from the group server and return to the beginning menu

C- Create User: This is an admin only function which allows them to create a new user with the name 
they input 

D- Delete User: This is an admin only function which allows them to delete an existing user with 
the name they input

G- Create Group: This allows any user to create their own group, they must input the group name
and a group under that name will be created

F- Delete Group: This allows a user who owns a group to delete the group they own by inputting
its name

A- Add User to Group: This allows a user to input a users name followed by a group name
that they own and this will add said user to said group

R- Delete User from Group:  This allows a user to input a users name followed by a group name
that they own and this will delete the said user from said group

L- List Members: This allows a user to input the name of a group that they own and will list 
all members of the group

Y- Connect to File Server: This allows a user to connect to file server after inputting the server name
as well as the port number


File Client:
Once the user is in the File server the application will give them another set of commands they
can start. They must enter one of the following commands.

X- Exit: This will disconnect user from file server and bring them back to group server menue

U- Upload: This allows a user to input a path to a file on their local system they want to upload
followed by the name they want to save the file under on the server, followed by the group (that they 
are either an owner of or member) that they want to share this file to.

D- Download: This allows user to input the name of the file that they have access to and want to download from the server 
followed by the name they want to save the file onto their local machine

R- Delete File: This allows users to input the name of a file they have access to and want to delete
from the server

L- List files: If users input this command, all the files they have access to (belonging to a group they are in)
will be displayed. Any Files displayed can be modified by the user







